coach thanks very much riff what's up
guys loco Doku here with me victorious
TSM in first place so first question
when I asked you what was the last thing
you said to your team of the end of
champs like before you walked off the
stage um I told him good luck I told
them we had better pick than we talked
about level one well it seems like the
game went really poorly to start out
though you said we've got better pics a
better level one all this fun stuff but
CLG got you guys real close to losing
the game they got a baron they got four
dragons they got your middle inhibitor
turret what were you feeling throughout
this game is the game slipping away from
your team um well I was watching with
Andy and hot shot and they were just
being nervous so I was taking them on
teasing them so teasin and well looks
like you got some more room to tease
these guys what words you have to say
for a hot pink GG here well hotshot your
team's your team honestly looks really
good I'm better than it has in like
course of three seasons I don't I feel
like they played really really well
maybe even a bit better than us but our
guys were really clutched at the end
yeah you guys certainly played really
amazingly force here at the top of the
North American standings let me know
that this win gets you almost a
guaranteed spot for an invite to IEM
katowice you'll have a chance to maybe
play some of the best teams around the
world look like maybe SK gaming GE
Tigers is going to be there how's DSM
stock up internationally oh well you
never know until you play them I can
play like we're gonna win or Korean
through to good or whatever but you
never really know until we played them
cuz the reasons they don't play each
other and they'll study each other and
go watch each other play but until you
play you really don't know what what's
your guest gonna be though I know you
watch the other regions you've tried to
coach your teams on preparing for the
game shifting what is your your blind
guess before you play them how is it
gonna go yeah i know i'm making a hard
for you um let's say we'll do well you
guys gonna do a very diplomatic answer
look at oak Oh guys congratulations on
first place right now thank you very
much for your time for now they're gonna
throw it back to the guys in the castro
desk
thank you very